# Hello-World
This repository is for practicing the GitHub Flow.
My name is AK, I am currently a student pursuing a degree in Computer Science. I'm interested in working for a tech company out west in San Francisco, which would be a huge change for me given that I've lived on the east coast for my whole life. I'm naturally an independent guy, but always open to collaboration and ideas. Moving to San Francisco would really be an inflection point for me, allowing me to fully embrace adulthood. As my career progresses I would like to work as an entrepreneur, influencing the world through creativity and passion. I have a deep background in Web3, thanks to the Crypto and NFT space. As an ambitious high schooler, discovering this technology transcended me into an obssesion. Originally I joined the space looking for a quick buck, but over time I expressed a hidden talent for investing and trading. I grew a huge network within a year, and because of my passion and work ethic - I was able to work on teams of amazing Web3 projects, including one of the leading NFT data analytics platforms - magically.gg. Working with decentralized projects as a first experience was definitley uncommon for people my age, but being on the teams of some massive communities acted as an early window for me to learn how the professional work world was. Over time I met so many smart developers and this led me to the realization that the developers always have the upper edge. Putting myself in these communities at a young age allowed me to sit back and observe business strategies and the tactical mindsets many developers posses. Eventually my passion dimmed down, and I'm now looking into other areas of Computer Science, specifically Artifical Intelligence from a career standpoint. Given my deep background in web3, I know I have the capability to become a master with Artificial Intelligence, I'm just lacking a clear direction at the current moment. I'm open to all opportunituy and would love to network with other developers. 
